Chore: Improve Playwright documentation (#110022)
grafana/grafana: contribute/developer-guide.md

### Run end-to-end tests

- Grafana uses [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) to run automated end-to-end tests. You can find more information [in our end-to-end testing style guide](./style-guides/e2e-playwright.md#playwright-for-plugins)

- Each version of Playwright needs specific versions of browser binaries to operate. You need to use the Playwright CLI to install these browsers: `yarn playwright install chromium`.
- Run tests with `yarn e2e:playwright [optional path to test file]`.

> - To open the las HTML, you can run `yarn playwright show-report`. You can also open an arbitrary report with `yarn playwright show-report <reportLocation>`. For Grafanistas, the reports are also downloable from CI by:

Reviewer: > las HTML

?

> - To open the las HTML, you can run `yarn playwright show-report`. You can also open an arbitrary report with `yarn playwright show-report <reportLocation>`. For Grafanistas, the reports are also downloable from CI by:

Reviewer: >  For Grafanistas, the reports are also downloable from CI by:

I believe thse are accessable for all.

Reviewer 2: ah tbf i couldn't remember if everyone had access or not 🤷

Author: But is it just for Grafanistas?

Author: Ah, ok, so I'll remove that bit. Thanks

### Run end-to-end tests

> Grafana uses [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) to run automated end-to-end tests. You can find more information on how to add end-to-end tests to your core plugin [in our end-to-end testing style guide](./style-guides/e2e-playwright.md#playwright-for-plugins)

Reviewer: These docs are great and very in depth!

I think in this main developer-guide.md, we should focus on just the core flow and leave the rest to the seperate guide?

Maybe in `developer-guide.md` we have just:
 - Grafana uses Playwright, here's out full guide
 - run `yarn playwright install chromium` before to install the browser binary
 - run tests with `yarn e2e:playwright [optional path to test file]`
 - here's how you can download test results from a github action and view the report locally

thoughts? @ashharrison90

Note this will not start a development server, so you must ensure that Grafana is running and accessible at the specified URL.

Playwright has several commands commonly used:

> 1 - **To open Playwright in UI**. It boosts the Grafana server and then Playwright, which runs against this server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1 - **To open the Playwright UI**. It starts the Grafana server and then Playwright, which runs against this server.
```

```
yarn e2e:playwright --ui
```

2 - **To run an individual test**. It will run the test that matches the string passed to _grep_. Playwright will run all of them if you use a string that matches multiple tests.

```
yarn e2e:playwright --grep <testname>
```

> 3 - **To run a project**. It will run the entire project, also known as '_suite_'. You can find them in [grafana/playwright.config.ts](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/main/playwright.config.ts#L90).

Reviewer 2: `suite` is kind of a term leftover from the old e2e framework, i don't think we need to mention it

```
yarn e2e:playwright --project <projectname>
```

4 - **To run tests with a specific tagname**. The tagnames are specified in each test, like you can see here in [lokiEditor.spec.ts](https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/main/e2e-playwright/plugin-e2e/plugin-e2e-api-tests/as-admin-user/lokiEditor.spec.ts#L7)

```
yarn e2e:playwright --grep @<tagname>

> ```

Reviewer 2: think we could just mention this as part of 2). `you can also run all the tests matching a specific tag with @tagName`

5- **To open the last HTML report**. It will open a Chrome window with the test list and the related info (success/error, name, time, steps, ...).

```
yarn playwright show-report

> ```

Reviewer 2: here we need to mention:
- that you can open an arbitrary report with `yarn playwright show-report <reportLocation>`
- (for internal grafana devs) that you can download these reports from CI by:
  - clicking through to `End-to-end tests / All Playwright tests complete`
  - clicking `Summary`
  - download the `playwright-html-<number>` artifact
  - unzip
  - run `yarn playwright show-report <reportLocation>`
